Add test docs (#4435)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: CONTRIBUTING.md

If your PR includes functionality that's difficult to unit test, you can add a fixture test by creating a new package in the `fixtures/` folder. This allows for adding a test that requires a specific filesystem or worker setup (for instance, `fixtures/no-bundle-import` tests the interaction of Wrangler with a specific set of JS, WASM, text, and binary modules on the filesystem). When adding a fixture test, include a `vitest.config.ts` file within the new package, which will ensure it's run as part of the `workers-sdk` CI. A good default example is the following:

```ts
import { defineConfig } from "vitest/config";

export default defineConfig({
	test: {
		testTimeout: 5_000,
		hookTimeout: 5_000,
		teardownTimeout: 5_000,
	},
});
```

If you need to test the interaction of Wrangler with a real Cloudflare account, you can add an E2E test within the `packages/wrangler/e2e` folder. This lets you add a test for functionality that requires real credentials (i.e. testing whether a worker deployed from Wrangler can be accessed over the internet).

> When you open a PR to the `workers-sdk` repo, you should expect several checks to run in CI. For most PRs, every check should pass (although some will be skipped).

Reviewer: @penalosa can we outline in more detail here which checks are expected to be run under which conditions? can we also clarify "for most PRs, every check should pass" -- for which PRs would this not be true?

If your PR includes functionality that's difficult to unit test, you can add a fixture test by creating a new package in the `fixtures/` folder. This allows for adding a test that requires a specific filesystem or worker setup (for instance, `fixtures/no-bundle-import` tests the interaction of Wrangler with a specific set of JS, WASM, text, and binary modules on the filesystem). When adding a fixture test, include a `vitest.config.ts` file within the new package, which will ensure it's run as part of the `workers-sdk` CI. A good default example is the following:

```ts
import { defineConfig } from "vitest/config";

export default defineConfig({
	test: {
		testTimeout: 5_000,
		hookTimeout: 5_000,
		teardownTimeout: 5_000,
	},
});
```

If you need to test the interaction of Wrangler with a real Cloudflare account, you can add an E2E test within the `packages/wrangler/e2e` folder. This lets you add a test for functionality that requires real credentials (i.e. testing whether a worker deployed from Wrangler can be accessed over the internet).

> When you open a PR to the `workers-sdk` repo, you should expect several checks to run in CI. For most PRs (except for those which trigger the **C3 E2E (Quarantine)** Action), every check should pass (although some will be skipped). See below for a list of this repo's Actions that run on PRs, and when you should expect to see them run (✔️ means that the check should always pass or be skipped, ⚠️ means that the check is expected to sometimes fail):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you open a PR to the `workers-sdk` repo, you should expect several checks to run in CI. For most PRs (except for those which trigger the **C3 E2E (Quarantine)** Action), every check should pass (although some will be skipped). 

See below for a summary of this repo's Actions, including for each:
1. expected return status (✔️ means that the check should always pass or be skipped, ⚠️ means that the check is expected to sometimes fail)
2. when the action is run
3. intended purpose
```

- **E2E tests ✔️**  
  This runs on the `changeset-release/main` branch (i.e. on every release PR), and on any PRs with the `e2e` label applied. It runs the E2E tests for Wrangler. If you're making a change that feels particularly risky, make sure you add the `e2e` label to get early warning of E2E test failures.
  
- **Pull Request ✔️**

>   As the name suggested, this contains checks that run on every PR, including fixture tests, Wrangler unit tests, C3 unit tests, Miniflare unit tests, and ESLint + Prettier checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  As the name suggests, this contains checks that run on every PR, including fixture tests, Wrangler unit tests, C3 unit tests, Miniflare unit tests, and ESLint + Prettier checks.
```

  
- **Deploy all Pages sites ✔️**
  This runs on `main` (where it deploys production versions of `wrangler-devtools`, `quick-edit`, and `workers-playground`). It's usually skipped on PRs, but if you apply the label `preview:wrangler-devtools`, `preview:quick-edit`, or `preview:workers-playground` it will deploy a branch preview of the matching package.

- **Test old Node.js version ✔️**
  This runs on all PRs, and makes sure that Wrangler's warning for old Node.js versions works.

- **Playground Worker tests ✔️**
  This only runs on the `changeset-release/main` branch (i.e. on every release PR), and is intended to test the behaviour of the Worker powering the Workers Playground.

- **Create Pull Request Prerelease ✔️**
  This creates an installable pre-release of Wrangler, C3, and Miniflare on every PR.

- **C3 E2E Tests ✔️**
  This runs for all PRs that make changes to C3 (i.e. in the `packages/create-cloudflare` directory), and runs the E2E tests for C3.

- **C3 E2E (Quarantine) ⚠️**  

>   This runs the _quarantined_ E2E tests for C3, and is expected to sometimes fail.

Reviewer: @penalosa can you include a note on when this test is run
